I got no time,
I got no time to live.
I got no time to live and I can't say goodbye.
And I'm regretting having memories
Of my friends who they used to be
Beside me before they left me to die.
And I know this is,
I know this is the truth,
'Cause I've been staring at my death so many
times.
These scary monsters roaming in the halls,
I wish I could just block the doors,
And stay in bed until the clock will chime.
So my flashlight's on,
And stay up til dawn.
I got this headache and my life's on the line.
I felt like I won, but I wasn't done.
The nightmare repeats itself everytime.
Gotta keep my calm, and carry on,
Stay awake until the sun will shine.
But I'm not so strong,
And they're not gone.
They're still out there to take what's left
of mine.
I have this urge,
I have this urge to kill.
I have this urge to kill and show that I'm
alive.
I'm getting sick from these apologies,
From people with priorities,
That their life matters so much more than
mine.
But I'm stuttering,
I'm stuttering again.
No one will listen and no one will understand,
Because I'm crying as much as I speak,
'Cause no one likes me when I shriek.
Want to go back to where it all began.
So my flashlight's on,
And stay up til dawn.
I got this headache and my life's on the line.
I felt like I won, but I wasn't done.
The nightmare repeats itself everytime.
Gotta keep my calm, and carry on,
Stay awake until the sun will shine.
But I'm not so strong,
And they're not gone.
They're still out there to take what's left
of mine.